c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\HouseCompany.Web.dll.config
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\HouseCompany.Web.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\HouseCompany.Web.pdb
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\obj\Debug\HouseCompany.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\obj\Debug\HouseCompany.Web.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\obj\Debug\HouseCompany.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\HouseCompany.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\HouseCompany.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HouseCompany\HouseCompany.Web\bin\Elmah.dll
